Brent Marykuca
Welcome to Brent's Home Page.
(Where every day is a Bad Hair Day.)
A genuine "hello" to this week's special guests: David & Jen Gagnon.
I'm glad that you could make it.
My apologies if this page looks crappy on your browser. If it does,
then chances are your browser doesn't support tables. Keep shopping.
Unless you
sign my guest book, 
you are a craven coward.  Don't think you can get away without 
being noticed. Your IP address is being recorded right this moment...
Webology
One of the main reasons for this page is that I'm taking a course
in "Advanced Webology"
and need to have a cyberspace playground. This is it.
You might want to check out the original (as far as I know)
Non-Sequential Counter, another first
on the World Wide Web.
This image is a dull clickable map:
Course Requirement: I have a boring audio message here.
Course Requirement: I have a silly Java applet here.
In keeping with my tradition of attempting way-too-ambitious projects,
here is my Webology term project on
Java Agents.
I think that Java is really cool. I just got "Roaster", which is
a Java development environment for Macintosh. I plan to write a
whole bunch of Java applets and post them here.
I do some consulting work for the
Apple Education Consultant
Program (AECP). If you are interested in using Macintosh in
education or for research, or have an interest in developing
Macintosh software, give us a call.
We've planned a few events for this term:
Some time in
February (the 5th?), we'll be doing an
OpenDoc hands-on
demonstration. OpenDoc's pretty cool. If you're interested,
check out Apple's CyberDog
Web site.
Very soon, I'll be doing a seminar on 
Roaster,
the Macintosh-hosted Java development kit.
Please let me know if either of these interest you, or if you
have a particular topic that you'd like to see covered in an AECP
seminar.
Office Hours
My AECP Office Hours are Tuesday, Wednesday and Friday 8:30-9:30.
Drop in and see me.
More About Me
I got my B.Sc. in Computer Science from UVic in 1993. 
I am 29 years old.
I am the best computer programmer that I know, but I don't know a lot
of people. 
I watch a lot of TV. 
I own a Macintosh. 
I was Born in Ft. Nelson B.C. but have never been back and have no memory of the town.
I think astrology is silly.
I grew up mostly in Victoria.
I am a Master's Student in Computer Science.
I love music.
I was born the same day as Albert Einstien (different year).
I have a short attention span.
I read a lot.
I like to think of myself as creative.
I just had a tooth filled in December.
I own a Honda Civic.
My favourite soft drink is Dr. Pepper.
I am a Pisces.
I have forgotten a lot about Unix.
I enjoy contradictions.
I think Quantum Physics is fascinating.
My favourite soft drink is Mountain Dew.
My Job
In real life, I'm the Manager of the Systems Group at Essential
Planning Systems, and I also write a lot of code. EPS develops 
and sells Geographic Information System software worldwide. EPS
doesn't have a Web page yet, which is too bad because that means
I can't put a link here. Our cousins at 
PCI have a page though.
At the moment, I'm writing a file
access API for the Pamap GIS. The rest of our group is working
on providing massive user interface enhancements.
"Any technology distinguishable from magic is insufficiently advanced"
"Argue for your limitations, and sure enough, they're yours."
Last updated on January 28, 1995