Kent Tse's Home Page
Kent Tse
Welcome to my home page which is still under construction, I currently
work for the School of Computer Science as a System Programmer.  I am
studying in my second year for a MSc in Computer Science (half-time).
You are visitor number  as of June 15, 1995.
Personal Information
School's Address and Location
E-mail:
kent@cs.mcgill.ca
Office:
McENG 208N
Office Phone:(514) 398-6697
Office FAX:
(514) 398-3883
Here's a link to my business card.
Projects and Responsibilities
 Computer and Network Security
I am playing NetCop.
 GateD
GateD, produced by the Cornell GateDaemon Project, is a modular software
program which supports multiple routing protocols and protocol families.  
Follow the link at the end of this page for more information about GateD and
the GateD Consortium.
My reponsibility is to continually maintain and implement new gateways as the 
need arises.  A network restructuring plan has been made for the Computer 
Science network.  Here are sketches of the before and after.
 Genesis Project
The Genesis Project is a code name for the installation and maintenance of
computer operating system.  The goal of this project is to provide a quick 
and easy service to updating operating system programs and files, 
applying patches, installation of a newly arrived computer on the destination
desk within 30 minutes of receipt of the computer.
 MBONE
The MBONE stands for the Virtual Internet Backbone for Mulicast IP.  The 
School of Computer Science joined the MBONE in the summer of 1994 and 
acted as the MBONE provider for McGill University until January 1995 when
the responsibility was given to the Computing Centre (we are still acting
as a backup source).
 Netrek Server God
A Vanilla server is running on netrek.cs.mcgill.ca on port
2592.  You can see the current players by telneting to
netrek.cs.mcgill.ca on port 2591 
and the high score list is on port
2590.  Blessed clients can be found at ftp.cs.mcgill.ca:/pub/X11/netrek.
 Networking
The installation, trouble-shooting, and maintenance of the Computer
Science network.
 Network Services
Overseeing various network services offered by the School of Computer Science,
including archie, ftp, gopher, WWW, ...
 Many many more ...
As I remember the exact projects I will list them, but as always the job
entails drastic changes of projects and responsibilities.
Research Interests
 Computer Security
 Graphics
 Networking
Favorite Links
Pictures
A visitation to the SOCS system staff offices: top view, normal view.
The System Staff dressed for success.
Mickey Mouse being naughty.
Computer Related - (related to my computer)
Adaptec's Home Page
ATI Technologies Inc.
Gateway Users International (Gateway 2000)
Intel
The Pentium Papers
Computer Related - Unix and Networking
The Ethernet  Page
GateD Home Page
Linux Home Page
Linux Documentation Project Home Page
The MBONE Information Web
Purdue COAST Project
Usenix Association Home Page
Usenix SAGE
Fun and Games
Netrek Home Page
Music and Multimedia
The Internet Underground Music Archive
NCSA's What's New Page
Netscape Communications  What's New! Page
Index to Multimedia Information Sources
Misc
Central Intelligence Agency
Thu Jun 15 11:54:27 EDT 1995