 Greg Oster's Home Page 
 Welcome to Greg Oster's Home Page 
Welcome to my home page, a small contribution to the info-glut of
Cyberspace.  Feel free to wander about and try things.  If you
notice any organization to the contents of these pages, please inform
me so that I can correct the anomaly.
I work as a Research Assistant for the DISCUS (DIStributed
Computing at the University of Saskatchewan) Research Group in the Department of Computer Science, at
the University of Saskatchewan.
Current projects include investigating the performance of OSF's DCE (Distributed
Computing Environment) and adding a wireless connection to a laptop in
our DCE Cell.
I have recently become quite interested in mutual funds and other
sorts of investments (perhaps that has something to do with RRSP's and
Tax season...).  A few pointers to some mutual fund things and some
investment calculators can be found on my Financial page.
NetBSD is my all-time favorite operating
system.  I run NetBSD on both my Amiga 3000 (called "gonzo"), and Sun
3/50 (called "fozzie").  
Other bits and pieces:
Saskatoon has a Free-Net.  You can find it right here: Saskatoon Free-Net.
The best WWW search engine (in my opinion) is AltaVista.  
Favorite Major League BaseBall team: The Toronto Blue Jays
A personal peeve (or Stupid People Tricks): Canada's "new" Gun Control Laws
 Stuff under construction  is my HTML 3.0
playground.  Please don hard-hat before entering.
Should you wish to send me encrypted email, here is my  PGP Public Key .  More information on PGP
(Pretty Good Privacy) can be found here
These pages are best viewed under some version of Arena, Netscape, or
Mosaic.  (No, I won't tell you where to get Netscape or Mosaic from.
You can find that out by visiting just about any other page on the
Web...)  Since I don't have many graphics yet (if you search a bit,
you can find some :-) ) these pages should be also viewable under
Lynx.
 Page last modified: April 29, 1996.  Send comments on this
page to oster@cs.usask.ca.  If
you find a link that doesn't work on any of my pages, please let me
know so I can fix it or remove it.