The Moffett building controversy at UT
Information about the controversy surrounding the naming of the new molecular
biology building at the University of Texas at Austin (UT) for Jim Bob
Moffett, chairman of Freeport-McMoRan
Copper and Gold.
Spinning Gold, Robert Bryce, Mother Jones,
September-October, 1996.  "By keeping journalists away from its
Indonesian mine--which contains gold, silver, and copper valued at $50
billion--New Orleans-based Freeport-McMoRan has managed to put its
spin on environmental and human rights abuses near the mine." 
Freeport replies, Mother Jones, November-December, 1996.
Freeport's Grasberg mine.  National Geographic
photo, at  Project
Underground.  Some other
pictures of Freeport's mine at  Project
Underground.
  Tailings from the
Grasburg mine pour into a tributary of the Ajkwa River, Texas Observer, November 17,
1995, p. 9.  43k jpeg version.
   "Tribal leaders and environmentalists claim the
mine in the rugged mountains is the source of tons of toxic wastes
that are killing portions of a river and acres of rain forest. Many of
the tribes also complain that their land has been taken without
compensation by the Indonesian government, and that human rights
activists have been abused and some even murdered by the Indonesian
military." Gold
and blood in the wilderness, CNN February 21, 1996.
"Freeport's Grasberg mine in the remote and rugged province is
`arguably the most valuable single mineral discovery ever made,'
(Freeport vice-president) Murphy told Reuters in outlining current
exploration work."  Reuter, October 9, 1996.
"Probably everyone in Austin has something from the Freeport copper
mine in their house.  The mine is now producing about 8% of the
world's copper."  UT Geological Sciences Department chairman Mark Cloos, Oct. 6, 1996.
 Contents 
Freeport Copper and Gold's web
page.  A source of extensive information about Freeport, well
organized.  Especially relevant is this subpage, which contains
explicit responses to many of the allegations that have been made
against Freeport.  (Rumor has it that there is a new book out just
published by Freeport entitled GRASBERG: Mining the Richest and
Most Remote Deposit of Copper and Gold in the World, in the mountains
of Irian Jaya, Indonesia. 1-800-535-7094.)
 Basic documents about human-rights
violations and environmental damage near the Freeport mine in Irian Jaya.
 Other sources of information about the
controversy
 Opinions, including 
 An open letter from UT President
Berdahl
 A Freeport statement
 UT Chancellor Cunningham on academic freedom
 Let's move
forward, UT President Berdahl
 A Freeport
letter
 Another 
Freeport letter
Resolutions passed by UT student and faculty groups, and the
administrative reaction thereto
A condemnation of the Moffett naming by
the UT student government
UT Graduate Student Assembly
unanimously asks that the building be renamed
 UT biology professors petition to
ask to change the name of the building
Pieces about and minutes of the Faculty Council
Meeting of February 19, 1996
UT computer sciences professor Alan
Cline addresses a rally on the West Mall prior to the Faculty Council
meeting of February 19, 1996, which voted to ask for
a new name for the building.  Photo from the Daily Texan.
The Faculty Council meeting passed this resolution:
Resolved, That the Faculty Council ask Chancellor Cunningham and
the Board of Regents to discuss with James Robert and Louise Moffett
the possibility of their voluntarily assenting to a change in the
proposed name of the molecular biology building from the James Robert
and Louise Moffett Building.
In reaction to the Faculty Council resolution the Deans' Council issued a statement
asking the chancellor and Board of Regents not to seek a new name for
the building while Law School Dean Sharlot charged that the Faculty
Council acted like a kangaroo court.
Chancellor Cunningham and the Regents
say NO to the Faculty Council
 Freeport threatens seven (including
me).  Includes
Freeport threat letter, various replies, and a relevant memo from the UT Faculty Council Executive
Committee
Amungme leader Tom Beanal sues
Freeport for $6,000,000,000 in U. S. Federal Court.  An additional
1,000 tribal people have joined Beanal as plaintiffs in this law suit.
Remarks
by Tom Beanal.
Amungme leader Yosefa Alomang sues
Freeport in Louisiana state court.  Read about her torture.
An open letter to UT students from a
West Papaun.  November 28, 1996.
About this web page
Standard disclaimer
Index of files
The whole nine yards: fp.tar.gz,
about 1mb.
This web page is mainly the work of Robert
S. Boyer.