 University of Maine Department of Computer Science
We now have the Java Developer's Kit available on Acadia, our Linux server.  
You can rlogin into Acadia from any Sun or SGI workstation.  For a tutorial 
on Java check out  The Java Tutorial .
General Department Information: 
 	Who's here? --- Links to homepages for faculty, and students.
	     Undergraduate Students 
	     Graduate Students 
	     Faculty and Staff
 	     ACM Student Chapter Officers 
	     UMaine ACM Alumni 
     	The Computer Science Department's FTP Site 
     	Course Information  --- Information about Computer
     	Science Courses 
     	Degree Information -- Requirements for Computer Science degrees
  Undergraduate  
		degrees and requirements.
  Graduate  
		degrees and requirements. 
 Graduate  Guidelines 
  Minors  
		in Computer Science and Multimedia. 
 Bulletins 
 Basic Instructions 
	if you are in the UMCS department and would like to create a home page.
	CSMonitor  --- Computer Science department newsletter.
Projects within the department: 
 Overview 
	--- Overview of what each Professor is currently working on.
CDPS 
	--- The Maine Cooperative Distributed Problem Solving Research Group 
Orca 
	--- Intelligent control of 
	autonomous underwater
	vehicles (AUVs)
	EMERGE --- Emergent Systems Group.  Current Projects include the 
		Maine Starlogo Communities  Collaborative Web Site and the 
		Starlogo Macintosh to PC Port Project .
 MeSDA 
	--- Maine Software Developers Association - This site has an announcement page
	that includes available jobs at MeSDA member companies.
 WISR
	--- Workshops for Institutionalizing Software Reuse 
The Anne Johnstone Forum
	--- The Computer Science department's lunchtime seminar/video/discussion series. 
Links to related pages: 
ACM
	--- UMaine chapter of the ACM. 
ASAP
	--- Media Services. 
 CAPS  
	--- Computer and Data Processing Services. 
 CTC  
	--- Cornell Theory Center Supercomputing Center.
 Institute for Quaternary Studies  
 The ISIS Project
	--- A University of Maine project aimed at integrating Students into Interdisciplinary Study.
Jackson Laboratory  
MIT Media Lab  
MSEL 
	--- The Marine Systems Engineering Laboratory
 NCGIA 
	--- National Center for Geographic Information and Analysis 
 Upward Bound 
	--- The Upward Bound program at UMaine 
Maine Links: 
 WWW Sites in Maine 
 Maine Resource Guide 
 University of Maine home page. 
 email  us 
if you would like to comment about this page or have something added to it.
Thanks to Anton Kirilov for the background texture.
Number of hits since February 15, 1996:
This page was last updated on October 30, 1996.