College of CS at Northeastern University
 Welcome to
The College of Computer Science at Northeastern University
Who We Are |
Academics |
Campus |
CCS Resources |
Northeastern |
Other
Who We Are
Faculty Members
Administrative Staff
Members of the Systems Group
Members of the Crew
Graduate Students
Undergraduate Students
Student Organizations
Alumni Association
Graduate Student Orientation Kommittee
Upsilon Pi Epsilon Computer Science Honor Society
Academic Information
 Undergraduate Course Descriptions
 An experimental course and course description catalog for undergraduate
     classes in the College of Computer Science.
Graduate School
 The College of Computer Computer Science offers full-time and
     part-time programs leading to the M.S. in Computer Science and to
     the Ph.D.  It offers an exciting environment combining
     student-centered education and a cutting-edge research program.
 Graduate Certificate in Information
     Resources Management
 A graduate-level Certificate offered jointly with the College of
     Business Administration, consisting of a coherent set of six
     courses that cover both the technological and behavioral
     perspectives on computing systems and networks.  This program
     recognizes that, in addition to people capable of building
     systems, there is a need for people who understand the impact of
     computers on individuals, work groups and society, and who can
     contribute to the formation of policies for technology
     development and use.
 Research Interests
 The College of Computer Science has a wide diversity of research
     interest which we are actively pursuing.  We are proud to be on the
     cutting edge of many of the most interesting technologies.  Our
     growing national reputation is reflected in the substantial
     increases in external funding we have experienced in each of the
     last several years.
 Cooperative Education
 Northeastern University has an aggressive Cooperative Education program
     that provides an excellent real-world experience to its students.
     Here is some information on the Co-op program within the College
     of Computer Science.
Campus Information
Northeastern University Campus Map
 You can use this map of Northeastern University to help you locate
     various buildings around Campus.
CCS Resources
InfoCity
InfoCity is an undergraduate project designed to influence both
     the academic and social life of the College of Computer
     Science. InfoCity focuses on making a text-based virtual reality
     of the college's workplace.  Students (both grads and undergrads), faculty, and 
     administration can cooperate in a multi-user, virtual environment.
     Our community can connect from their dorms, homes, or offices at any
     time of day or night. Ideally, this environment would provide many
     things such as advising tools, expansion of office hours to everyone's
     convenience, and a social climate for members to have informative
     exchanges of their expertise.
 Our Computing Resources
Due to the special needs of the College of Computer Science, we
     maintain our own computing resources for our students.  We support
     Macintosh, PC and a number of different UNIX platforms.  We also
     have a Technical Reference Library
     containing a select assortment of computer reference books.
 Our Help System
We have created an extensive online Help System to provide
information on utilizing our computing resources.
 Our Anonymous FTP Server
Exported material available via anonymous FTP from
ftp.ccs.neu.edu.
 CCS Software Archives
This section describes some of the software we've developed
    locally, as well as some of the cool software we've installed.
    There are also a few pointers to useful reference materials.
Northeastern Resources
  The 
       Northeastern
       University server provides information ranging from the
       academic
       programs to 
       student
       life.
  The
       Division of Academic
       Computing's Web and
       Gopher servers offer
       general information about university computing and student groups.
  Search the
       Snell Library Catalog
       System.
Other Resources
  Cobwebs
This section provides a collection of help and reference documents
     that we have spun together from various parts of the net.  The
     information in here ranges from general UNIX introductions to Internet
     tutorials and to programming languages.  We found these documents
     useful, and decided to `mirror' them locally to make them generally
     available to all.  We hope you find them useful.
 College of Computer Science,
For information about this server and who runs it, please see the Webmasters page.