Matthew Sams' home page
School's Address and Location
E-mail:
maclean@cs.mcgill.ca
Office:
McConnell Engineering 209N
Office Phone:(514) 398-7087
Office FAX:
(514) 398-3883 
In an effort to keep this really simple and to save a bit of
bandwidth I've cut my home page down to the bare minimum of
informational content.
Quite simply I have been working for the School of Computer Science
as a Systems Administrator for five years. My specialties
are Sun workstations and servers running SunOS and Solaris. Although
I have been known to look at other vendors machines.
I've included a couple of links to sites I think are important.
Usenix flunky
Member of the System Adminstrators Guild (SAGE)
Sun Managers Archive
System Administrators Job Descriptions
Unix Guru Universe
Have you ever wondered how you can learn more about computers and
unix in particular? Well here's my unofficial SOCS reading list.
In no particular order:
Languages other than C:
Exploring Expect by Don Libes
Tcl and the Tk Toolkit by John Ousterhout
Programming Perl by Wall & Schwartz
C:
The standard C library by Plauger
C: a reference manual 4ed by Harbison & Steele
The C programming language 2ed by Kernighan & Ritchie
Unix programming:
Advanced programming in the unix environment by Stevens
Unix network programming by Stevens
The design and implementation of the 4.4 BSD operating system
PANIC: unix system crash dump analysis by Drake & Brown
General:
Safeware: system safety and computers by Leveson
Systems Administration:
Unix System Administration Handbook 2ed by Nemeth Snyder Seebass Hein
Sendmail by Costales
DNS and BIND by Albitz & Liu
System Performance Tuning by Loukides
Sun Performance and Tuning by Cockroft
NFS and NIS by Stern
Online:
Internet RFC, FYI, and STD available at ds.internic.net
Usenet FAQ at rtfm.mit.edu
Publishers:
O'Reilly and Associates
Unix System Administration Handbook
Addison Wesley
Prentice Hall
As an added bonus (please no snickering from the peanut gallery) I've
included a link to a tutorial I wrote on Programming in C on UNIX. My
only disclaimer might be that if you write code for critical systems,
don't read this tutorial. Some might even say "don't program in C".
clicky here
September 9, 1996