Chuck Koelbel's Home Page
Charles Koelbel
(a.k.a Chuck Koelbel)
Charles Koelbel , Research Scientist 
B.A. (1983), Augustana College 
M.S. (1985), Ph.D. (1990) Purdue University  
Chuck Koelbel's research interests center on mapping algorithms and programs 
onto distributed memory multiprocessors. His doctoral dissertation presented a 
compiler which translated Kali, a shared-memory imperative language, for 
execution on the Intel iPSC/2. A unique feature of this work was a unified 
treatment of regular computations, for which the communications can be 
generated at compile time, and unstructured computations, for which run-time 
support is necessary. Both types of support are necessary for a truly general 
system. Since coming to Rice he has worked closely with K. Kennedy and others 
to apply his methods to the FORTRAN D compiler project. He is also studying new techniques for implementing adaptive and dynamically 
varying data structures on distributed memory machines. These data structures 
are needed in many areas, including sparse matrix calculations which have 
applications in finite element methods and linear programming. 
In addition to 
his research responsibilities, Chuck Koelbel served in 1992 and 1993 as executive director 
of the High Performance FORTRAN Forum, a group of academic, industrial, and 
government organizations defining extensions to the FORTRAN language for use 
on scalable parallel machines. He continues to be active with that group.
Contact Information
Publications
Curriculum Vitae
Affiliations
Rice University
Center for Research on 
Parallel Computation (CRPC)
Computer Science Department
High Performance 
Fortran Forum
Scalable Input/Output Research 
Consortium
W. M. Keck Center for Computational 
Biology
Fortran 
Tools Research Project
D 
System  Research Project
Conferences of interest
ACM Computing Week '96
High-Performance 
Computing and Networking (HPCN) Europe 1996
Federated Computing 
Research Conference
Workshop on I/O in 
Parallel and Distributed Systems (IOPADS)
1996 
International Conference on High Performance Computing (ICPP)
Supercomputing '96
To see Chuck's thought for the month, 
finger chk@cs.rice.edu 
Check out the "High Performance Fortran in Practice" tutorial.
If you still haven't gotten enough of HPF, there's also 
The High Performance Fortran Handbook.
For instructions on making your own home page, see 
How To Make Your Own Web Pages
by Debbie Campbell.
Last updated: February 12, 1996
This page has been accessed  
times since August 2, 1995.
Chuck Koelbel (chk@cs.rice.edu) 
(Thanks to Debbie Campbell (dcamp@cs.rice.edu)  for getting 
this page started!)