Lorie M. Liebrock's Home Page
Lorie M. Liebrock, Ph. D.
 Assoc. (1982), Delta Community College
 B.S. (1985), M.S. (1988), Michigan Technological University
 M.S. (1992), Ph.D. (1994), Rice University
Lorie Liebrock's research interests are in using problem topology during
compilation. In particular, the use of topology to automate data distribution 
and to allow application of regular application optimizations to partially 
regular problems.
She has developed algorithms for automatic distribution of irregularly coupled 
regular mesh (a.k.a. composite grid or multiblock) problems, e.g., aircraft 
aerodynamics and water-cooled nuclear reactor simulations, via the use of 
problem topology. 
For use with these automatic distribution algorithms, she has developed 
a program template and a set of style guidelines for
these applications that allow automatic transformation of an application
code with no notion of data distribution into a standard High Performance 
Fortran program with complete distribution specification.
Dr. Liebrock is a member of ACM, IEEE, and IEEE Computer.
 Office
 In Michigan most of the time, call:
 (906) 337-4205      office phone
 (906) 337-5817      fax or if office phone is busy
 Postal
 Liebrock-Hicks Research
 2315 County Rd. 
 Calumet, MI 49913
 Machine cs.rice.edu
(Click here to finger me)
Vitae
Resume.
Presentations.
Publications.
Publications available electronically
 L.M. Liebrock and D.L. Hicks and K.W. Kennedy and J.J. Dongarra.
Using Problem and Algorithm Topology in Parallelization.
  Technical Report, August 1991.
 L.M. Liebrock and K. Kennedy.
  Parallelization of Linearized Applications in Fortran D.
  Proceedings of International Parallel Processing Symposium,
     April 1994.
     (A more complete 
     technical report is also available.) 
 L.M. Liebrock and K. Kennedy.
Modeling Parallel Computation.
  Technical Report, September 1994.
 L.M. Liebrock and K. Kennedy.
Automatic Data Distribution of Large Meshes in Coupled Grid Problems.
  Technical Report, September 1994.
 L.M. Liebrock and K. Kennedy.
Automatic Data Distribution of Small Meshes in Coupled Grid Problems.
  Technical Report, September 1994.
 L.M. Liebrock.
Using Problem Topology in Parallelization.
  Technical Report, September 1994.
Links
Rice University home page
Computer Science Department home page
The Center for Research in Parallel Computation
The D System home page
Liebrock-Hicks Research home page
lorie@cs.rice.edu
http://www.cs.rice.edu/~lorie