John David Stone
John David Stone
Lecturer in Computer Science and Philosophy 
Manager of the Mathematics
Local-Area Network
Department of Mathematics and
Computer Science
Grinnell College
Grinnell, Iowa 50112
(515) 269-3181
Bowen Hall of Science,
office 2418
stone@math.grin.edu
Interests: syntax and semantics of programming languages, formal
language theory, computational linguistics, philosophy of language,
mathematical logic, automata theory, data structures, ontology, history of
philosophy, and set theory. 
This fall I'll be teaching one course, ``Fundamentals of computer science
II,'' and conducting an independent study on artificial
intelligence.
In the several positions I've held, I've
taught a wide variety of courses and
workshops and published miscellaneous
papers, etc., on topics that caught my interest.  To see how I prepared
for my career in academia, you might want to have a look at my educational background. 
I'm the principal investigator for a three-year study (1994-97) entitled
``In-class experiential learning in four fundamental courses,'' funded by a
grant from the Instrumentation and
Laboratory Improvement Program of the National Science Foundation. 
At Grinnell, I'm the chair of the Linguistics Concentration
Committee and of the Academic Computing
Committee, I'm a member of the Selection Committee for the Robert
N. Noyce Prize Program, and I organize the Exotic
Programming Languages Study Group. 
Here are some of the professional organizations that I belong to: 
  Association for Computing Machinery
ACM Special Interest Group on Programming Languages
 Society for Exact Philosophy
  Computer Professionals for Social
Responsibility
  Mathematical Association of America
  American Mathematical Society
 Union of Concerned Scientists
I keep a collection of links that I use
as my Netscape startup page, but its contents are somewhat arbitrary.
Persons who are curious about my inner life will find more reliable clues
in my recommended-reading
list. 
I invite correspondents to use my PGP
public key for confidential messages.  Call, write, or visit to obtain
a confirming sixteen-byte fingerprint. 
created March 25, 1995
last revised September 26, 1996
photograph by Margaret Rauber
``free speech decision'' graphic by Voters Telecommunications Watch
blue ribbon graphic by the Electronic
Frontier Foundation