 Tim Harrison's Work Page 
 Welcome to Tim Harrison's Work Page 
Thanks for stopping by my work-related web page.  The purpose of this page is
to give you a bit of background of what I do here at the University of Saskatchewan
Computer Science Department.
I'm a full-time Research Assistant for the DISCUS (DIStributed
Computing at the University of Saskatchewan) Research Group in the Department of Computer Science, at
the University of Saskatchewan.  The DISCUS
research group is primarily involved with studying operating system, network, and multiprocessor
performance evaluation through simulation, measurement traces of live systems,
and queueing theory.  My specialization is high-speed networking (particularly ATM), and I report primarily to Carey Williamson.
Presently, I'm involved with upgrading our research cluster network infrastructure
from ethernet to ATM over OC-3 fiber.  I'm also involved with the 
Multicast Test Project between several
Canadian universities.  The objective of the project is to evaluate the performance
and suitability of various videoconferencing software packages over Canada's
ATM research network.  I also manage the DISCUS research cluster which consists
of HP, Sun, and SGI workstations, as well as a Fore and a Newbridge ATM switch.
I have an M.Sc. in Computer Science from the University of 
Saskatchewan (1995), and a  B.Sc. in Mechanical Engineering (1986), also from 
this university.
Publications
A list of my publications and the publications themselves are available  here.
Relevant Links
Some sites on the WWW relevant to my work are available  here.
Software Test Track
(Always under construction/repair)
Here is where you can try out some of the web stuff I've been tinkering and experimenting with.  Items may include ja*a, cgi, perl, and maybe some web-based network management stuff (Note:  any network management stuff will *not* be connected to a live network - either it will run off canned traces or will have simulated output).  Try this stuff at your own risk.  This is definitely a place where crash helmets and fire suits should be used, as I am in the process of learning to use this stuff.  Keep checking back, I hope to add new things on a regular basis.    Start your engines!
For comments or more information, I can be reached as follows:
E-Mail:      harrison@cs.usask.ca.
Snail Mail:  Tim Harrison
             Computer Science Department
             1C101 Engineering Building
             57 Campus Drive
             Saskatoon, Saskatchewan
             CANADA  S7N 5A9
Phone:       306-966-4714
Fax:         306-966-4884
 This page was last modified on October 28, 1996. 